Feature/resume upload from breakpoint (#510)
NBISweden/sda-cli: README.md

- If a file has already been uploaded, the process will exit without further
processing. To overwrite existing files, use the `-force-overwrite` flag.

> ### Resume a multiple file upload

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Resume a multiple-file upload
```

> It is possible to resume an interrupted upload from the last not uploaded file by adding the `-continue` flag which will prevent the `sda-cli` to return an error if a file is already uploaded on the target directory. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to resume an interrupted upload from the last breaking point by adding the `-continue` flag, which will prevent the `sda-cli` from returning an error if a file is already uploaded to the target directory. For example:
```

Reviewer: I feel that the logic of the example below is a bit hard to understand—it is resuming from a previous breakpoint, not uploading additional files. So, I have made the following suggestions.

```bash

> ./sda-cli -config <configuration_file> upload <encrypted_file_to_re-upload> <encrypted_file_to_upload> -continue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
./sda-cli -config <configuration_file> upload <encrypted_file_to_upload_1> <encrypted_file_to_upload_2> -continue
```

> ```bash
> ./sda-cli -config <configuration_file> upload <encrypted_file_to_re-upload> <encrypted_file_to_upload> -continue
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose you run the following command to upload two encrypted files

```bash
./sda-cli -config <configuration_file> upload <encrypted_file_to_upload_1> <encrypted_file_to_upload_2>
```

After `<encrypted_file_to_upload_1>` has been uploaded, the process is interrupted while uploading `<encrypted_file_to_upload_2>`.  To resume the upload, simply add the `-continue` flag to the command, as shown below:

```bash
./sda-cli -config <configuration_file> upload <encrypted_file_to_re-upload> <encrypted_file_to_upload> -continue
```
```

Author: Nice explanation! I replaced the confusing part in the README with the one above.

will skip `<encrypted_file_to_re-upload>` because it is already uploaded on the target directory and continue uploading `<encrypted_file_to_upload>`. Whereas:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `-continue` flag is especially useful when recursively uploading an entire folder with encrypted files. For example, the following command:
```

```bash

> ./sda-cli -config <configuration_file> upload -r <folder_to_upload_with_unencrypted_data> -continue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
./sda-cli -config <configuration_file> upload -r <folder_to_upload_with_encrypted_data> -continue
```

```

will skip uploading any files that are already uploaded to the target location and proceed with uploading the remaining files of `<folder_to_upload_with_unencrypted_data>`, effectively resuming the upload of the later in case this was previously interrupted.

Notes:

> - `-continue` can be combined with any of the available flags except from `-force-overwrite`. In this scenario, the latter has precedence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-continue` can be combined with any of the available flags except `-force-overwrite`. In this case, the latter takes precedence.
```
